我写的：

2023-4-8
	I t's necessary for me to practice my English right now, because my English is really poor when I try to read some English docs.
	Although that I can make good grades when I attend some school English tests, but that's simply fake things, that's useless, because I want to put my English skills into practice, instead of simply gain some good grades in school tests.
	The time when I attend GitHub and push out my first repository, the time when I saw many English docs and couldn't understand them fluently, I feel really strange simply because I actually should be able to read them if I have learned English rightly. 

ChatGpt修改：

2023-4-8

It's necessary for me to practice my English right now because my English is really poor when I try to read some English documents. Although I can make good grades when I attend some school English tests, that's simply a facade, and it's useless. I want to put my English skills into practice, rather than just gaining some good grades in school tests.

When I attended GitHub and pushed out my first repository, I encountered many English documents that I couldn't understand fluently. This made me feel really strange because I should have been able to read them if I had learned English properly.

Overall, your essay is well-structured and conveys your message effectively. However, there are a few errors in grammar, spelling, and sentence structure. Here are some suggestions for improvement:

Use "it" instead of "that" when referring to your ability to make good grades in English tests.

Use "documents" instead of "docs."

Use "superficial" instead of "fake" when describing your grades.

Use "practice my English skills" instead of "put my English skills into practice."

Use "had learned" instead of "have learned" in the last sentence.

Use "strange" to describe your feelings, rather than "really strange."

In terms of sentence structure, you can also work on varying your sentence length and using transitions to improve the flow of your essay.


